So, tell me, why do they call ye, “Cap’n Feathersword?” Merchant and pirate were for a long period one and the same person. Even today mercantile morality is really nothing but a refinement of piratical morality. Work like a captain, play like a pirate.
Yes, that is a hornpipe in my pocket and I am happy to see you. Suddenly you’re like a pirate, you’re 65 years old and you’ve got an ear- ring. Fetch me another Cabin Boy…This one be split Work like a captain, play like a pirate. Shiver me timbers. Pirate’s code: First freedom and the captain. Second the loot, third woman and the rum and at the end no mercy if they not immediately surrender!
I’d love to drop anchor in your lagoon. They don’t call me Long John because my head is so big. I’ve sailed the seven seas, and you’re the sleekest schooner I’ve ever sighted. The Code is more like guidelines, really. It’s not everyday you get to do a pirate movie, you might as well go for it.
Wanna shiver me timbers? Come show me how ye bury yer treasure, lad! You can always trust the untrustworthy because you can always trust that they will be untrustworthy. Its the trustworthy you can’t trust. You will always remember this as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow. Work like a captain, play like a pirate. Arrrrrrrr Land was created to provide a place for boats to visit.
Prepare to be boarded. What are YOU doing here? Me I’m Dishonest. And A Dishonest Man You Can Always Trust To Be Dishonest. Honestly Its The Honest Ones You Want To Watch Out For Because You Never Know When They Are Going To Do Something Completely Stupid! Always be yourself, unless you can be a pirate. Then always be a pirate. The average man will bristle if you say his father was dishonest, but he will brag a little if he discovers that his great- grandfather was a pirate.
Come on up and see me urchins. Brwaack! Polly want a cracker? … Oh, wait. That’s for Talk Like a PARROT Day. How much does the pirate pay for an ear piercing? … A buccaneer! (buck- in- ear…)
I’d love to drop anchor in your lagoon. Why is the rum gone? you know, thats the 2nd time I’v watched that man sail away with my ship. My mom would not let me see the pirate movie because it was rated rrrrr.
Come on up and see me urchins. Drink up me hearties yoho …a pirates life for me STOP BLOWING HOLES IN MY SHIP!!! Shiver me timbers. Right from the Voyage og Noah, surviving was by sailing. Avast ye! and sail against the tides.
Ya know, darlin’, I’m 97 percent chum free If ye thinks he be ready to sail a beauty, ye better be willin’ to sink with her.
Well blow me down? That’s quite a cutlass ye got thar, what ye need is a good scabbard! Merchant and pirate were for a long period one and the same person. Even today mercantile morality is really nothing but a refinement of piratical morality. Without the messy paperwork.